Fix and Improve Various Part of DevGuide (#4699)
OpenDDS/OpenDDS: docs/devguide/internet_enabled_rtps.rst

Each participant should use a single RtpsRelay instance due to the way NAT bindings work.
Most firewalls will only forward packets received from the destination address that was originally used to create the NAT binding.

> That is, if participant A is interacting with relay A and participant B is interacting with relay B, then a message from A to B must go from A to relay A, to relay B, and finally to B.
> Relay A cannot send directly to B since that packet will not be accepted by the firewall.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That is, if participant A is interacting with relay 1 and participant B is interacting with relay 2, then a message from A to B must go from A to relay 1, to relay 2, and finally to B.
Relay 1 cannot send directly to B since that packet will not be accepted by the firewall.
```

  This option is mandatory and is a unique id associated with all topics published by the relay.

.. option:: -HorizontalAddress <address>

  Determines the base network address used for receiving RTPS message from other relays.

>   By default, the relay listens on the first IP network and uses port ``11444`` for :ref:`SPDP <spdp>` messages, ``11445`` for :ref:`SEDP <sedp>` messages, and ``11446`` for data messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  By default, the relay listens on the first IP network interface and uses port ``11444`` for :ref:`SPDP <spdp>` messages, ``11445`` for :ref:`SEDP <sedp>` messages, and ``11446`` for data messages.
```

  Enable/disable logging of activity events.

.. option:: -LogHttp 0|1

>   Enable/disable logging of the HTTP server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Enable/disable logging in the HTTP server.
```

?

Does this need to be more verbose to describe (or link to) what the HTTP server is/does?

Author: Yes, I can link the options related to the meta discovery and the section describing the endpoints.

  If :cfg:prop:`thread monitoring is enabled <DCPSThreadStatusInterval>`, the RtpsRelay will not accept new client participants if the CPU utilization of any thread is above this limit, default .95.

.. option:: -AdmissionControlQueueSize <count>

  The max number of new client participants that are allowed to perform discovery.
  If the admission control queue is full, then new client participants are not admitted.
  Default is 0 (disabled).

.. option:: -AdmissionControlQueueDuration <seconds>

>   New client participants in the :option:`admission control queue <-AdmissionControlQueueSize>` that are taking longer than this many seconds to perform discovery are kicked out of the queue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  New client participants in the :option:`admission control queue <-AdmissionControlQueueSize>` that are taking longer than this many seconds to perform discovery are removed from the queue.
```
